modified create-channel (#5947)
mattermost/docs: source/channels/create-channels.rst

  - Displaying a temporary welcome message for new channel members.
  - Automatically adding the channel to a `category in the user's channel sidebar </channels/customize-your-channel-sidebar.html>`__.
  - Prompting to run a playbook based on the contents of a message.
  
.. tabs::

>   .. tab:: Web browser/Desktop app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. tab:: Web browser/desktop app
```

      
       .. image:: ../images/create-new-channel.png
            :alt: Create a channel
      

>      **To create a public or private channel in Web App**, select the **+** symbol at the top of the channel sidebar, then select **Create New Channel**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **To create a public or private channel in the web app**, select the **+** symbol at the top of the channel sidebar, then select **Create New Channel**.
```

       .. image:: ../images/write-dm.png
            :alt: Access recent direct messages and group messages.
   

>      **To start a direct or group message in Web App**, select the **+** symbol next to the **Direct Messages** category in the channel sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **To start a direct or group message in the web app**, select the **+** symbol next to the **Direct Messages** category in the channel sidebar.
```

      .. tip::
             Alternatively, you can select the **+** symbol at the top of the channel sidebar, then select **Open a Direct Message**.
                 
              In the **Direct Messages** popup, identify your most recent conversations by relative timestamps.
                          
                  .. image:: ../images/recent-direct-group-messages.png
                      :alt: Write a direct message or group message.
      
  .. tab:: Mobile app
   

>      **To create a public or private channel in mobile app V2**, select **+** symbol at the top right corner, then one menu will be appeared at the bottom of the screen, then select **Create New Channel**. If you want to make the channel private then enable the **Make Private** option. Otherwise it will be automatically Public Channel 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **To create a public or private channel in the mobile app V2**, select the **+** symbol at the top right corner, then select **Create New Channel**. Channels are created as public by default. If you want to make the channel private select the **Make Private** option.
```

>      **To start a direct or group message in Mobile App V2**, select  the **+** sign again, then select Open **a Direct Message** then select the person whom you want        to have a chat or you can select multiple person if you want to create a **Group**, then select **Start** . your group will be created .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **To start a direct or group message in the mobile app V2**, select  the **+** sign again, then select **Open a Direct Message**. You can select one person for a direct message or multiple people for a group message. Select **Start** to start the conversation.
```
